This is the worst bone meal farm in
Minecraft history. Let me explain. Sweet
berry bushes are one of the most useless
items in Minecraft, having no crafting
recipes and being a terrible food source
since they only give you one hunger bar.
But they can be composted to get tons of
bone meal and can be farmed insanely
fast with a super simple design. It's
literally just a grass block, a sweet
berry bush, and 641 hoppers to compost
all the berries. To use the farm, all
you need is a really fast auto clicker
because sweet berries can be bone meal
multiple times per game tick. This means
if you click 64 times per game tick, you
can bone meal the sweet berries
4,600,000
times per hour. This is roughly 2,667
shulker boxes of bone meal per hour, or
what? 2,300 bone meal farms would get
you. And it gets you over 5,700,000
sweet berries per hour. And if you
compost these sweet berries, you get
274,000
bone meal per hour.